[theme music]
[exhales deeply]
[quirky music]
[door opens]
Dr. Ahn, Sang-u is here.
[Jeong-won] My goodness. Sang-u is here.
[Sang-u's mom] Sang-u, say hello.
Say hello to the doctor.
[Sang-u's mom grunts]
All right. There you go.
[Jeong-won] Sang-u,
you came with a shark today.
I heard that he ate too much.
Should I take a look
at what's inside the shark's mouth?
[whimpers]
Oh, no.
Oh, Sang-u, why are you crying? Huh?
Oh, it's okay, dear. The doctor
will make your tummy ache go away.
He's going to make your tummy feel better.
Oh, my darling. Don't cry now. Don't cry.
If you don't stop crying,
this scary doctor is going to scold you
and give you a big injection.
Isn't that right, Doctor?
[inhales sharply]
That's right! Bad boy!
Where's the injection?
Nurse, where is our big injection?
Sang-u is going to get a shot
if he doesn't stop crying.
Sang-u, shh. Stop crying.
If you keep crying, the doctor
is going to bring out a big injection.
-I found the injection.
-Stop.
-[cries]
-[gasps]
Uh… All right, let's see. I have
some yummy snacks for Sang-u right here.
Oh, whoo-whoo. My goodness.
Who scared Sang-u? Huh?
Who scared my little boy, Sang-u?
Tell me, was it the doctor?
[gasps]
It was the scary doctor, wasn't it?
Okay. Mommy will scold him for you.
Bad doctor.
See that? I scolded him.
That'll teach him, right?
Oh, come on, Dr. Ahn,
why did you scare my poor Sang-u?
He didn't do anything.
He's such a nice boy.
Dr. Ahn, you're not going to scare
Sang-u anymore, right?
Isn't that right, Doctor?
[soft chuckle]
I am sorry for scaring you, Sang-u.
Here. I'll give you this snack
instead of a shot.
-[gasps]
-Eat this when you're all better, okay?
-Yeah.
-[female nurse 1] Professor Ahn.
Ji-su needs her PEG tube
changed right away.
[soft chuckle]
[Jeong-won] Excuse me
for a second, okay, Sang-u?
[sighs]
Hello there.
I already took a look at your ultrasound.
It will be difficult to treat
with antibiotics.
Oh.
What exactly does he have, Doctor?
What he has is called
infective endocarditis.
That means there's an infection
in his endocardium.
If we don't remove it
and just treat it with antibiotics,
there's a risk that an infected mass
can block your blood vessels.
You must get surgery ASAP.
Did you find him a bed?
Yes, he can get checked in after 6 p.m.
Check in today and get settled. We'll
perform the surgery as soon as we can.
-Is it really that serious?
-Yes.
[sighs]
If the infected mass is small,
antibiotics can be used to break it down.
From what I saw on your ultrasound,
the infected mass is big and dangling.
We can't predict when it will fall off.
If it goes to the brain,
it'll cause a stroke.
If it goes to the heart,
it'll cause a heart attack.
You need to get surgery soon.
Do we have an opening for a surgery
in two or three days?
No, our schedule's full.
There's no opening for this week.
We'll do it in the morning if we must.
Call Anesthesiology
and ask them to help me with the surgery.
We'll start in two or three days.
[I-hyeon] Okay.
Hey, uh, Doctor, my daughter here
is getting married in three days.
Can we just reschedule
the surgery to next week?
We can't do that.
It'll only be postponed
for a couple of days.
Just until after the wedding,
is that okay?
No, it's not.
-Only if you want to end your life.
-[sighs]
Dad, what are you saying?
Don't be ridiculous.
My wedding is not important right now.
[Jun-wan] You can look
at the wedding photos.
Just ask your family to take lots of them.
All right, I'll see you tomorrow
during my rounds.
Okay, let me go over what you need to do.
First, you head to the left
and have your blood sample drawn.
What's wrong with that doctor?
Why is he so rude?
I am sorry, ma'am,
but Dr. Kim has always been like that.
After that, you have to get an EKG
from the room right next to where
you had your blood sample drawn.
And once you're done…
[Chi-hong] Ah,
he's name is Im Gi-yeong. Age, 78.
He underwent coiling a month ago
due to an SAH.
Three days ago,
he showed symptoms of a leg weakness
and dementia so he was readmitted.
His CT scan revealed
that he has hydrocephalus.
It seems the IVH that was accompanied
by SAH is gone for now.
EVD…
Uh, wait. That's not it. I'm sorry.
I think that's why
we should perform a VP shunt.
Shouldn't you have that
memorized by now, Chi-hong?
You're right. I'm sorry.
-Are you sure he needs a VP shunt?
-Yeah.
Actually, no.
-Is he wrong?
-Yes, I think he's wrong, Professor.
Really? I actually think he's right.
You have until my next round
to prepare yourself.
Summarize the relevant papers
and surgical cases.
Okay.
-You, too.
-Okay.
Professor Chae, have you had lunch yet?
We got a new restaurant to deliver to us.
-Which one?
-A seafood stew restaurant.
That's a lot for delivery.
Uh, oh, and they also do
a delicious haemulpajeon.
Join us.
We're going to set it up in the office.
Go ahead without me.
I'm going to eat with the guys.
The guys?
GONGNYONG RIDGE
SONG-HWA: LUNCH?
SEOK-HYEONG: OKAY
GIVE ME A MINUTE
IT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT MOMENT
OF MY LIFE
[breathes heavily]
[tense music]
Gyeo-ul, residents rarely get to see
a mesocaval shunt procedure in person.
-So what do you say?
-What are you doing?
-[shushes]
-You're not supposed to talk.
[overlapping dialogue]
-Should I start talking, too?
-Well,
-I…
-[exhales deeply]
[suspenseful music]
-I've decided--
-[Jeong-won] It's seafood stew.
-But I'm allergic to--
-Song-hwa wants seafood stew.
We're waiting for Gyeo-ul to tell us
her decision so just come in and be quiet.
Gyeo-ul?
It's all right. There's no pressure.
Just take your pick. Am I right?
-No pressure.
-It's totally fine.
-Whatever you decide.
-We respect it, don't worry.
All right, then…
[suspenseful music]
HPD. That's what I choose.
-What?
-[groaning]
Oh, right.
Damn it.
[groans]
Yeah.
I mean… Why is it you again?
I don't know.
Hey, let's go. Song-hwa ordered
some big-eyed herring.
What about Jun-wan?
Jun-wan? He's in PICU.
I don't think he'll join us.
-[chuckles]
-Hey, hold up right there.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER, PICU
How much does Hui-dong weigh today?
Today he weighs three kilograms.
[machine beeping]
Good. I can close him up now.
Let's get ready.
Where the heck is Jae-hak?
He went out to pick up
the interns a little while ago.
Right. I guess he's more suited for that.
Okay, let's get started.
[Jae-hak] CS has a lot
of emergency surgeries.
And our cases are the most dramatic.
Someone who was perfectly fine
in the morning
could be dead by the afternoon in CS.
Do you have an idea
who the best cardiothoracic surgeon is?
It's Ji Sung.
-Who?
-Ji Sung from New Heart.
I've been watched medical dramas
since I was ten.
No. Not him.
Dr. Kim from Dr. Romantic?
Did you guys say
your names are Cheol and Mi-ae?
-No, it's Hong-do and Yun-bok.
-Hong-do and Yun-bok.
All right, guys, listen up.
Great doctors like them
don't exist at this hospital at all.
In this hospital,
Thanos is the only great doctor.
-You will meet him soon.
-[phone rings]
-Yes, sir.
-[Jun-wan] Where are you now?
I'm on my way.
-Will he perform the surgery here?
-Yeah.
It's more dangerous to move the patient
to an Operating Room
with that many drips attached.
[machine beeping]
Are you Gyeon-u and Jik-nyeo?
We're Hong-do and Yun-bok, Professor.
-Third year in med school?
-Yes.
-Pay attention.
-[Yun-bok] Okay.
Oh, Professor,
-is this surgery difficult?
-The baby will live, right?
Four days ago, he had a TGA,
transposition of the great arteries.
His heart swelling was too severe.
So I couldn't close him up.
But seeing his heart today,
looks like I'll be able
to close him. So, I'll do it now.
He will live, right, Professor?
I'm closing him up
because he's doing better.
[exhales deeply]
Jae-hak, bring 'em in.
What?
Oh, okay.
What do you think you're doing?
You'll contaminate him.
Do you have a death wish?
Oh… oh…
He means the guardians.
Oh.
Professor, Chan-hyeong has a slight fever.
Since when?
When I checked at 8 a.m., it was 36°C.
I checked again just now and it's 38.3°C.
His nose is a little runny.
-Can we perform the surgery today?
-Let me see him first.
[mellow music]
[sighs]
His lung doesn't sound good, either.
We can't operate on him like this.
Give me five minutes.
Remove the membrane for me.
Is it okay if I touch the baby?
-I disinfected my hands.
-Sure.
[machine beeping]
Professor, what's wrong with this baby?
Jae-hak, get Chan-hyeong's guardians.
I need to speak with them.
He has Tetralogy of Fallot
which is common for babies.
He has all the four heart defects,
from ventricular septal defect
to an overriding aorta.
We were scheduled to operate
this afternoon.
But his oxygen saturation
is a little low right now.
[exhales deeply]
He's showing symptoms of pneumonia.
He needs the surgery done
as soon as possible.
[Jae-hak] They are here, sir.
Wow. Flex.
[hiphop music]
I'm afraid I have bad news.
We need to postpone Chan-heyong's surgery
for another day or two.
He has a fever
and his lung doesn't sound good.
I plan to reschedule the operation
after taking an X-ray of his lungs.
He's still finding it hard
to breathe even now.
And he might be in more pain
if we rush into surgery.
All right, sure. We'll do that, then.
If it's a mild case of pneumonia,
he'll recover in two to three days.
We'll observe him for a few days.
Do you have any questions for me?
-No.
-[exhales deeply]
So you'll just reschedule the surgery
and let us know, right, Doc?
We already get it.
You explained it before.
Okay, then.
Wow. Those guys seem too composed.
Their son's life is at stake here.
They are just immature.
Did you see how young his mother is?
She was born in 2000.
[Jun-wan] I like that she's calm.
Hey, do you think it's possible
she's not herself right now
because she's under pressure
and she needs to escape from reality?
She's still very young.
Maybe she's having trouble
coming into terms with her situation.
-[Jun-wan] Jae-hak.
-Yes?
Why do you talk so much?
Mind your own business.
-[water running]
-Okay.
[gasping]
Hey, let's get going. Come on.
Hey, little guy.
Get better soon, okay?
["Aloha" by Cool playing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Oh, I feel dizzy.
["Aloha" by Cool
continues playing on radio]
-Isn't this Ik-jun's favorite song?
-No, this is my favorite song.
-No, this is my song.
-[Ik-jun] Seok-hyeong,
if you lie down after eating,
you'll get reflux esophagitis.
Whoa! Song-hwa.
Did your eyes get worse or what? Huh?
We had the same vision
but now I can't see.
Try removing your contacts.
What's taking Jun-wan so long?
Hey, listen, I haven't told you this yet,
but I actually sing this song really well.
I just kept quiet about it until now
because you guys make fun of me.
Oh, yeah. You wanna do karaoke?
Is that it?
Let's go tonight.
What do you guys say, huh? Aah.
-Anything for me?
-Yeah, of course. Come, sit down.
That was quick.
Yeah. It was a delayed sternal closure.
Do you have ketchup…
You really have everything.
It came with the food.
I just saved you one.
Hey, stop wiping the table.
You should get some help.
Flies would come in.
Ik-jun, put that down before I smack you.
-[exhales deeply]
-[Jun-wan] Hey, hey, hey.
-Did you guys know?
-What?
What?
I can sing this song really well.
Isn't this "Aloha" by Cool?
You know, I made a lot of girls crying
with this song.
Oh, right. In Hawaii.
-This is good.
-Hawaii?
-Don't tell her. What?
-[Song-hwa] What?
-What?
[exhales deeply]
-Something happened in Hawaii, right?
-You bet something did.
Hey, he…
was in Hawaii for a month
after his medical board exam.
Stay still. Stop moving around.
-You're all over the place.
-[sighs]
He was famous for that
since high school, right?
He was friends with everyone
in ten different classes.
He was just so loud
and easily distracted, too.
I don't know how he always got
the top grades in school.
That's what kids today call
being "on fleek", okay? "On fleek."
And he's "unfleek."
Will you shut up.
I'm trying to listen to this song.
You annoying prick.
Did you pick
Professor Lee's surgery again?
-Yeah.
-Gyeo-ul.
Do you like Professor Lee?
Yeah.
I do like Professor Lee.
But he has a kid.
So what if he does?
Nothing.
Hey, have we ever performed "Aloha"?
No. We've never even performed a gig yet.
Well, at least, we had a conscience.
Oh, do you remember?
We stayed up all night to practice
the song and prepared for a gig,
but that bastard right there registered
our band as a comedy team instead.
Yeah, and he only told us
about that on the day of the festival.
He said we weren't on the poster
because we were a secret weapon.
Oh, this damn bastard.
He's lucky he's a doctor.
Otherwise, he'd be a fraud.
We were more like a comedy team
than a band anyway.
I saved you guys from getting
beaten up by the audience that day.
[Seok-hyeong grumbles]
Come on.
But still, our band actually
improved a lot in three to four years.
We did well given our situation.
Yeah? You guys were scared to perform.
When you found out about the show,
your hands were shaking for a whole week.
I even thought this guy
had hand tremors or something.
[groans]
I was worried he might not be able
to finish his internship
-with those shaky hands.
-Stop making stories.
Did we really suck that bad?
I thought we sounded pretty good.
Well, practicing in a room and performing
on stage are two different things.
It was like Gag Concert.
You know, Ik-jun got so mad when he tried
to teach you how to play the bass.
-[Jeong-won laughs]
-Damn it. I'm still angry about that.
Hey, come on, guys. I wasn't that bad.
Besides…
He's a really good bassist
but he was a terrible teacher.
I didn't learn anything.
Even so,
I like listening to Ik-jun's voice.
There you go. Good one.
I'll sing for you guys today.
Let's go karaoke after work.
We wouldn't be here eating seafood stew
if we had time to go to karaoke.
I have VSD surgery.
I have a conference with the PED tonight.
I'm grocery shopping with my mom.
What about this weekend?
I'm golfing
with the director and chairman.
-A half-marathon. It's been a while.
-I'm going on a camping trip.
I'm getting my nails done with my mom.
All right, fine! We won't go!
I have plans.
You guys are ridiculous. I--
[sighs]
Do you think I've got nothing better
to do than go karaoke with you?
I'm busy too, you know. So busy.
I need to watch a movie
and do some coloring with U-ju.
And we're also going to have loach soup.
I don't have time.
-I'm not going! Not going at all! Jeez.
-[door opens, closes]
-Do you think he'll go?
-A hundred percent.
SU KARAOKE
-[Ik-jun] Guess where we are, U-ju.
-[U-ju] Is that a nightclub?
-Who taught you that word?
-Auntie did.
Auntie Terminator told me
that you lived at a place called
a nightclub a long time ago.
She said you were a Nightclub Rat.
[comical music]
That's true. Auntie's right.
You see, your dad used to live in
an apartment building called "Nightclub."
Okay? But this isn't that apartment.
This place is…
You know that I'm in a band, right?
Like in Super Wings, remember?
I sing, dance, and put on shows.
I'm just like them, see?
And this is the first place
I ever performed in.
[inhales sharply]
You can say that I spent my youth there.
Wow. U-ju.
[sighs]
Suddenly, I…
[Ik-jun sighs]
I feel a bit overwhelmed.
[exhales deeply]
Hey, Dad. Can you please buy me
one more corn dog?
[sighs]
Corn dog? You finished that one already?
Yeah.
Okay. Sure. Come on, let's go
before the stall closes. All right.
-Is the corn dog that good?
-[U-ju] Yeah.
[Ik-jun] Hey, U-ju.
You only say "please"
when you want something from me.
No, that's not true. That's news to me.
[Ik-jun] What?
Who did you learn that from?
-[U-ju] From Mom.
-[Ik-jun] Ah, jeez.
♪ I stayed up all night ♪
♪ Seeing you smile makes me happy ♪
-♪ Even if you're just joking ♪
-[music stops]
Hey!
Sorry, Song-hwa. I meant to press reserve,
but I hit cancel.
-Shut up, you're lying.
-That's right. I lied.
[sighs]
Hey, Seok-hyeong, wake up.
-[exhales deeply]
-What's wrong with him?
He took his anxiety medication
this morning.
Because of the show?
Seok-hyeong is a shut-in
and a sociophobe, who lives in isolation.
-And, uh, what was the last one again?
-A coward.
Right. And with that,
he was known as the Grand Slammer.
[groans]
Hey, it's my turn!
I was requested something
when you took it.
-Just give me a second to find it.
-[exhales deeply]
Listen. It should be me, then Seok-hyeong,
Ik-jun, Jun-wan, then Song-hwa.
So it's my turn to sing.
Are you actually keeping count?
What are you, some kind of a pervert?
Where's Ik-jun, anyway?
We're all here because of him,
so why isn't he here?
[coughs]
Uh, guys. What is this song?
"ALOHA" BY COOL
["Aloha" by Cool playing]
-Did you pick this song?
-No, I didn't.
Then, who did?
♪ A candle in the dark ♪
♪ A wineglass filled with our promise ♪
♪ I will always stay by your side
And protect you ♪
♪ After all, you believed in me ♪
♪ I'll ask only one thing from you ♪
♪ I'm dreaming
To be eternally happy with you ♪
♪ It doesn't have to be fancy
I don't need a perfect life ♪
♪ The only thing I want is you ♪
♪ Don't worry ♪
-♪ I believe ♪
♪ Always ♪
♪ I will always remember this moment ♪
♪ In my arms ♪
-♪ I believe ♪
-Hey! Sit down, guys.
Don't get too excited. Sit down.
♪ I will make sure
Your smile lights up forever ♪
♪ 'Cause your love is so sweet ♪
♪ You are my everything ♪
♪ I am not saying this
Because I am happy ♪
♪ To spend our first night together ♪
♪ I will not change ♪
♪ I will only have eyes for you ♪
-♪ Whoa ♪
-♪ You're light of my life ♪
-♪ You're the one in my life ♪
-♪ Even if I lose everything ♪
-♪ I won't regret this ♪
-♪ I will always love you ♪
-♪ With my everlasting love for you ♪
"From this moment on,
the most important person
in my life isn't me but you.
I cannot show my determination with words,
but I love only you.
-Like friends…"
-You told us he's shy.
I think it's his medication.
"…until my last breath,
I will only love you."
♪ As we believe we are of one ♪
♪ And as we always trust one another ♪
-Stay on beat.
-♪ I hope we will comfort each other ♪
♪ In misery and celebrate ♪
-♪ Happiness together ♪
-Hey, slowly.
-♪ I promise you ♪
-♪ I believe ♪
-♪ When things get hard ♪
-♪ I'll be your protector ♪
-♪ When you smile in my arms ♪
-♪ I believe ♪
♪ I will make sure ♪
-♪ Your smile lights up forever ♪
-♪ 'Cause your love is so sweet ♪
-♪ You are my everything ♪
-♪ I am not saying this ♪
-♪ Because I am happy ♪
-♪ To spend our first night together ♪
-♪ I will not change ♪
-♪ I will only have eyes for you, oh ♪
-♪ You're light of my life ♪
-♪ You're the one in my life ♪
-♪ Even if I lose everything ♪
-♪ I won't regret this ♪
-♪ I will always love you ♪
-♪ With my everlasting love for you ♪
♪ All I ever want is ♪
-♪ Your love ♪
[light music]
[Soo-geun] At seven o'clock,
let's meet up! And let's hangout!
Hello, hello, this is Lee Soo-geun
and Hey Ji-won, say hello.
-[Ji-won] Hello. I'm Hey Ji-won.
-[Soo-geun laughs]
[Soo-geun] Very funny. Ji-won, I looked
at the calendar for May today.
I noticed there are so many holidays.
-There's a holiday for you, too.
-[Ji-won] Children's Day!
[Soo-geun] Yes! That's right, Ji-won.
There's Children's Day and Parents' Day.
[Ji-won] And Teachers' Day as well!
[Soo-geun] Are you trying
to sell something?
We're talking about holidays.
You sound like a street peddler.
But there's one thing that disappoints me.
There's no holiday for me at all.
[Ji-won] Oh, come on, Soo-geun.
You do whatever you want every single day.
[Soo-geun] What do you mean?
You don't need a holiday.
[Soo-geun] What if you can do all the
things you wanted to do for a whole day?
How about we try to live today like that?
May is actually
the perfect month for that.
Here's our first song. It's a song
by Cool. Hey, Ji-won, take it away.
"One Summer Drive."
[Song-hwa] "One Summer Drive."
["On Summer Drive" by Cool playing]
-[man 1] Over here!
-[man 2] Let's go!
[man 3] Whoo! All right!
[crowd chattering]
-[man 2] Let's do this!
-[man 3] Let's go!
[man 4] Good luck. Let's complete the run!
[emcee] You have one minute
before we start!
[Song-hwa] ♪ I try to get rid
Of your scent in the wind, oh ♪
♪ Get going, it doesn't matter where ♪
Hello, sir. I'm here.
You can park your car in B-104.
It's empty now.
Okay. Thank you, sir.
[emcee] All right! Good luck breaking
your personal record!
Five, four, three, two, one.
[gunshot]
["One Summer Drive" by Cool
continues playing]
Shouldn't we send him
to a mental hospital or something?
[chuckles]
-We probably should.
-What's wrong with him?
[phone chimes]
HYEON-HO MIGHT HAVE SURGICAL BLEEDING
ELEVATED LACTIC ACID LEVEL, NO URINE
[breathes heavily]
[phone chimes]
RESIDENT YONG SEOK-MIN
[sighs]
YEONINSAN CAMPSITE, B-104
[Jeon] Look at that.
Nice shot.
[chuckles]
-Nice shot.
-Well done. You're a natural.
Isn't it hard to handle VIP patients
on top of the others?
No, it's manageable.
There are other doctors, too.
Mm. It's nice to see
a young doctor like you.
[sighs]
I envy your friendship, too.
Jong-su, the tenth hole is too far.
Let's take the cart.
[sighs]
Um, he is actually my cousin.
-That was supposed to be a secret.
-Everyone knows.
-Everyone at the hospital knows.
-No. Not--
[sighs]
Not everyone knows about it.
Hey, you know what?
You only think people don't know about
certain things but the truth is they do.
Hey, I'm tired too. Let's take the cart.
-Let's just walk.
-Let's take the cart.
I said let's just walk.
Are you upset?
[exhales deeply]
How much did you prescribe?
What about the IO?
Okay. I'll be there soon.
Thank you.
-A scamming phone call. It's a scam!
-You and me.
[Soo-geun] "Sir, I need you to go
to an ATM right now. ATM! ATM!"
[Min-ha] Oh, Professor Yang.
What a surprise!
I thought you weren't going to eat
because you're busy?
-[Min-ha chuckles]
-[clears throat]
Well, my schedule suddenly freed up.
-I see.
-Oh.
Hey, Professor Yang.
-[Seok-hyeong] Yes?
-Why didn't you ever tell us?
Tell you what?
That you were in a comedy club
during your pre-med days.
I was so surprised when I heard.
I didn't see it coming.
I thought you were a loner,
but you're pretty cool, huh?
-[Min-ha laughs]
-No. Who said that?
Hm? Dr. Jang told us.
Oh! Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul
is a third-year GS resident.
-Oh, hello.
-[Min-ha] Dr. Jang. It's true, right?
You said that those five professors who
were born in 1980 were in a comedy club.
-Yeah, that's what I heard.
-[Min-ha] Who did you hear it from?
Professor Lee Ik-jun of Hepatopancreatic.
[sighs]
Weren't you in the middle
of your meal, Professor?
Why don't you try some of my bread.
It's really good.
Sure. Go ahead, dig in. Dig in.
Professor Yang, we'd really love
to have a meal with you.
I hear GS gets beef every day.
Okay, sure. Go on, eat up.
I'll treat you to beef some other time.
Really?
[chuckles]
Oh, wow. Uh, I should get going.
I just got a text message saying that they
have the result of the MRI I requested.
Please excuse me.
-[Min-ha] Oh, okay.
-Okay.
-Bye, Professor Yang.
-Bye.
-Have a good day.
-Yeah, yeah. Thanks.
-See you around, Professor.
-Yeah, you too.
[Seok-hyeong sighs]
Hey, Tae-in, did you get
any MRI requests from ob-gyn today?
No, he didn't.
I just checked before I came down here.
[sighs]
What is the matter with him?
How does he get along with other people?
Well, even though Professor Yang
is like that, he's good at what he does.
He's not authoritative, and he always
makes sure he does his work well.
-I really like him.
-Is that how things work in America?
I heard that Professor Yang
did his fellowship in the States.
The merit of individualism.
Tell me how
that's considered a merit? Huh?
He's just a frustrating sloth.
[sighs]
I just wish he would talk at least
talk or something.
I can never tell what's going on
in his head.
-Dr. Jang, who's that? Your boyfriend?
-Hm?
Even his photo makes you that happy?
Yeah. Yeah, it actually does.
[Min-ha] My gosh.
Anyway, I'll go ahead.
An ambulance brought her in
due to a severe stomachache.
According to the X-ray,
it could be an ileus.
We called you because
she had a liver transplant before.
She passed gas and had diarrhea
while waiting.
Hm. Good work.
Can you bend your knees for me?
I'm sorry, Doctor. I ruined your weekend.
Oh, Gyu-bin, you know I'm always on call.
Just give me a second.
Diarrhea… You had diarrhea
and passed gas, right?
Yes. But right now, I'm fine.
My stomach doesn't hurt at all.
I thought I was going to die
in the ambulance on the way here.
But you know what?
As soon as I saw your face,
the pain completely disappeared.
-I'm sorry I bothered you.
-It's okay. At least you're recovering.
[inhales sharply]
But Gyu-bin,
I'm really sorry about the scar.
Oh, it's nothing.
I'm just glad to be back in school.
That's great.
Can I take a quick scan to be sure?
-[Gyu-bin] Sure.
-Hm.
Well, look who it is, huh?
I knew you'd be here. You can't fool me.
Is this a golf course?
Jeez. Take a look at this.
[groans]
What is it? I don't have much time.
I've had revision surgery. They're
closing up now. I need to get back.
This won't take long.
This teenage patient had an LDLT.
It's not as visible with steroids,
but the hypertrophy on the vertical scar
is a bit too noticeable.
Can you refer this case to a scar clinic?
Sure.
Send her to my department.
I'll take a look at it.
Okay.
[sighs]
Ik-sun also has biliary atresia.
She still has a big scar on her stomach
from Kasai's operation.
Wait, Ik-sun's still alive?
What do you mean? Why would she be dead?
Wasn't she your dog?
-No. That's Micky.
-Micky is your sister.
-My sister is Ik-sun.
-No, that's your dog.
My dog's name is Ik-sun.
I mean, my dog's name is Micky.
Micky is Ik-sun.
Oh, damn it. You confused me.
My younger sister's name is Ik-sun.
Hey, what is this?
[Jun-wan] That's a recommendation letter
for priests.
Yeah, it is?
-It's for real this time, right?
-Yeah.
I feel bad for Jeong-won's mother.
[exhales deeply]
Same. That poor bastard.
-[phone chimes]
-Oh.
-Is it Jeong-won?
-No, it's my wife.
Your wife? Wait. You have a wife?
Yes, I do have a wife.
The ambitious Ms. Yuk Hye-jeong?
Oh! She's so busy,
I totally forget her face.
Enough.
Hey, honey. Yeah, it's been so long!
Oh, what time is it over there?
Okay.
Does your marathon course start here?
-So, tell me which hole is this room?
-[Ik-jun] Yeah.
-Okay.
-[mouths] Who is it?
-[under breath] His wife.
-[Ik-jun] Yeah.
-[mouths] Oh, really?
-All right. Sure.
I'll see you tomorrow. Bye.
Ooh, she's coming back.
She'll come straight to the hospital
because she misses me.
It's because it's Children's Day
in two days.
Has it been a year already
since you saw her?
A year and a half.
She should've at least been here
for her mom's death anniversary, right?
Oh, whatever! That's not my business.
I won't ask anymore.
[Jeong-won sighs]
Yuk Hye-jeong.
Actually she's my friend
and I was the one who set him up with her.
To this day, I've never met anyone
who's as ambitious as she is.
I've never seen you
badmouth anyone either.
Stop it. She's my wife.
And the mother of my child.
The virgin and the bachelor,
so just shut it.
[Jun-wan] Seriously?
That's such an outdated term.
-"Bachelor"?
-Yeah?
What is this?
Are you really going to quit
to become a priest?
-Did you open it?
-Is that really important right now?
-[phone chimes]
-Listen. If you want…
Oh, hey, Gyeo-ul.
Hm? Of course.
I collected those. Uh, yeah.
-All right. I got it.
-When is it?
-Did you talk to the director?
-[Ik-jun] Yeah, okay.
I'm going to tell him next week.
Don't worry,
I won't be leaving right away.
I'll stay until the end of the year
and resign then.
[Ik-jun sighs]
All right, I'm going to go meet up
with Gyeo-ul.
Seriously. Oh, wait.
[clicks tongue]
Look over here. Look at the camera.
-Okay, ready? One, two, three.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-What was that?
-What are you doing?
Well, Jeong-won will leave us soon, right?
We should start taking lots of pictures.
-Bye, guys.
-[scoffs]
[door closes]
Do you think Ik-jun and Gyeo-ul
are having an affair?
[light music]
Don't you have one of him alone?
Give me some time.
I'm still looking for the right time.
But, you know,
Jeong-won catches on really fast.
Did you ask him about me?
What does he think of me? Tell me.
-Not yet.
-Why not?
It'll be too obvious.
Are you fine with that?
Yeah. I really don't mind if he finds out.
So, please ask him what he thinks of me.
Then why don't you tell him
you like him yourself?
That's too much.
-I'm too shy to do that.
-[scoffs]
-But you're not too shy talking to me?
-No.
Okay, fine.
I'll try my best not to make it obvious.
I'll be extra sneaky
and ask him what he thinks of you.
I'm doing this because I think highly
of your courage, all right?
This is yukjeon. It's from Gwangju.
Wait, what? Yukjeon? Wow, are you serious?
Mm.
Hey, why do you like him so much, anyway?
[soft chuckle]
Everything.
Do you need water?
I'm fine.
Look, Gyeo-ul.
I think you have this little fantasy
about Jeong-won in your head.
The way he treats people
here at the hospital
and the way he behaves around us
are totally different.
What is he like?
I want to know everything.
That guy is so sensitive.
I mean, he loses sleep for a month
if something goes wrong with his patient.
He's so compassionate.
And he's also extremely stubborn.
It's really frustrating.
He is a man of principles.
And he's not rich. I'm telling you.
Jeong-won is dirt poor.
He mooches off Jun-wan all the time.
Well, isn't that noblesse oblige?
Are we playing a game
of antonyms or something?
[chuckles]
What else do you know?
Please, tell me everything.
Most importantly, he…
Ah.
In dating…
He, uh, he's not interested in women.
Of all the years I've known him,
I have never seen him with a girl.
Don't tell anyone, okay?
That Jeong-won
is interested in something else.
[gasps]
Are you telling me he's gay?
Jeez. Not like that. I mean
he wants to be a man of God.
That's what I meant. A priest.
I highly doubt that.
[sighs]
I really hope
he won't push through with it.
I guess I understand. I know Professor Ahn
is a devout Catholic.
I mean, all his brothers are priests,
and his sisters are nuns.
However, he's not a priest yet.
He just wants to be one, right?
That means I still have a chance with him.
[Jeong-won] Hey, Ik-jun,
give me a cigarette.
Not with Gyeo-ul of all people.
You prick, you'd better come
to your senses before I beat you up.
What are you thinking?
You're a married man.
[exhales deeply]
What?
Be honest,
what do you think about Gyeo-ul?
What?
I'm asking you
what you think about Gyeo-ul.
[Ik-jun sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
SURGERY STATUS INFORMATION
IN WAITING
[sobbing]
[Ho-jun] Eun-bin.
Dad just came down.
[groans]
Before we move you to the Operating Room,
let me check a few things first.
-Please tell me your name, sir?
-My name's Jeong Su-beom.
Thank you, sir.
Let me check your ID bracelet.
You'll be operated on
by Professor Kim Jun-wan
of Cardiothoracic Surgery?
[Su-beom] Yes.
[sobbing]
Hi, Dad.
Be strong in there, all right? Hm?
Everything's going to be fine.
Don't you worry.
Oh, my dear.
Please forgive me for being sick.
I can't even go to your wedding
because of this.
-I am so sorry, sweetie.
-Dad, why are you apologizing?
I'm the one who's sorry.
[sobs]
Oh, how could I push through
with my wedding when you're sick?
I'm so sorry, Dad.
[cries]
Hello, everyone.
Oh, we're going to move him
into the OR now.
[Jun-wan] All right. How have you been?
How are you feeling right now?
Let me explain the surgery to you.
Like I said, I'll remove the infected mass
and mold the area
with the leftover tissues.
The surgery will take about
five hours to perform.
But if there's a complication
it could be longer.
Dr. Kim, you've done
this surgery quite a lot now, right?
Yes.
Then, we don't have
to worry too much, right?
This surgery isn't life-threatening
or anything like that, right?
I'm afraid I can't guarantee that.
There are a lot of variables
during surgery.
[gasping]
Oh, no.
However, I will do my best.
Jeez.
Hey, you should have just told the family
that he's going to be all right.
The patient's daughter
is getting married today.
The whole family
must already feel bad for each other.
You should have been nicer
when you talked to them.
-You could have just told them…
-[water running]
…that the surgery will be successful,
so they have nothing to worry about.
Can't you just say that next time, sir?
This surgery
isn't that difficult for you, anyway.
And what if the patient has
periannular abscess?
What if he has brain damage
from an embolism during surgery, huh?
But the chance of that happening
is very low.
[sighs]
This guy has no feelings at all.
Tell me, how do feelings
help with surgeries, Jae-hak?
I'll be emotional if it helps,
but it doesn't.
It doesn't help at all.
I'm sorry.
Never talk to the patients
like that again.
"Oh, it's a simple surgery. You will live.
This surgery will go well.
Don't worry about anything."
Don't say that. Got it?
Yes.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-Thank you, miss.
-Hey, have you tried their…
One ice Americano
with three shots of espresso, please.
-Hello, Professor Kim.
-Hello, Professor.
Oh, you guys are here early.
A slice of chocolate cake, too.
Actually, we've been here
since eight in the morning.
Oh, wow. Is that so?
That's really impressive.
-Pay with this.
-Hm?
-Thank you.
-[chuckles]
-Let's go.
Is Professor Do good to you, guys?
Yeah, he's really nice.
That's great. I'm glad to hear that.
Can I ask,
why you chose Cardiothoracic Surgery?
We were tasked to do an interview.
We also asked another professor.
Who?
Hong-do and I just started,
so we only interviewed one professor.
It's Professor Chae Song-hwa
of Neurosurgery.
What did she say?
Hm, she said she chose Neurosurgery
because she likes studying.
And since there's still a lot
to study in her field--
Oh, I already know that.
No one knows it better than I do.
What about you, Professor?
Me? A cardiothoracic surgeon
I met at a cybercafe told me to choose CS.
-Professor Kim, please.
-I'm serious.
I was asked whether
I wanted to make money or teach.
I said I'd prefer to teach than make money
and he told me to choose CS.
That's why I'm here.
Oh.
Um, may I have some chocolate cake?
[Jun-wan] No, you may not.
Get your own slice.
Okay.
Irrigation is very important.
You know that, right?
-Yes.
-Why is it important?
Uh, well…
Through the microscope…
[sighs]
…you can see
that it's close to the optic nerve.
So, a bipolar cautery
can cause thermal injuries,
which can result in loss of vision
after the surgery.
[exhales deeply]
Things look good, Ms. Nam. We should
operate on Chan-hyeong tomorrow.
Yes. His lung sounds have improved,
and the X-rays look much better now.
Yes. It will be hard for him
if we keep putting it off.
His guardians are here, right?
Yeah, I'll go bring them here.
Jae-hak, do you happen
to have a suit here?
Uh, yeah. I always keep one at the office.
Can I borrow it?
-Chan-hyeong's guardians went home.
-[Jun-wan] What?
His parents really went home,
when their child is that sick?
How is that even possible?
Uh, Chan-hyeong's mom
had to go home for a bit.
But I do know that both
of his grandmothers are here.
They should be waiting in the lounge.
Should I go get them?
Yes, bring them here, please.
We've been postponing the surgery
due to pneumonia,
but the fever has gone down,
and so has the CRP.
I'm really worried.
Tell us,
is the operation dangerous, Doctor?
-Are you his grandmother?
-I'm his maternal grandmother.
-She's the paternal one.
-Oh, I see.
Well. for now, please be informed
that we'll operate tomorrow afternoon.
We'll prepare all the details.
When Chan-hyeong's parents are back,
I'll walk them through everything.
But we're already here Dr. Kim,
couldn't you tell us instead?
His mother is only 20 years old.
She's clueless because she's so young.
The same goes for my son. So, please.
That's right. You can just tell us,
Doctor. We'd like to know.
Then I'll speak to all of you
once they arrived later.
His mom is still his legal guardian.
Excuse me.
You can tell his grandmothers
about the operation, Professor Kim.
I'll go over everything with his mom
when she gets here
and get the consent form signed.
Don't overlook a single detail.
-You said your suit's at the office?
-Yes.
-What color is it?
-What color?
Yes, I'm asking
what's the color of your suit?
Are you worried that it might be silver?
[breathes heavily]
[quirky music]
Hey, Jun-wan, are you…
Oh, boy.
Don't say anything.
All right.
[door closes]
You're not having lunch?
I'm thinking braised hairtail fish.
For some reason,
I suddenly got a craving for it.
I have to go out. I'm meeting someone.
[Jeong-won] What are you going to eat?
Steak.
I really don't like steak.
Should I eat out too? I wonder.
It's actually been a while.
[phone chimes]
Hello. This is Ahn Jeong-won.
Okay, I'll be right there.
[sighs]
Let's wrap this up. Chi-hong, you do it.
[Chi-hong] Okay.
You have to insert the Hemovac first.
Okay.
[machine beeping]
[sighs]
Are you going to keep breaking it?
Control your strength, Chi-hong.
Be gentle with it.
Okay. I'm sorry.
I'll stop talking now.
You should focus. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
[Su-bin] Mr. Yuk Hui-gwan.
-Congratulations. You can go home now.
-Oh, thank you so much.
All right. Now, your surgical wound
has been disinfected
and wrapped with a waterproof bandage.
So you can take a shower right away.
As for your diet,
you can eat as you normally do
but please try not to overeat, okay?
Mommy, can you please help me
transform this?
I'll help you in a little bit, Won-jun.
Just give me a minute.
You have an appointment booked
a week from now.
The biopsy results will be available then.
If you need the diagnosis
for your insurance, just let us know.
-Okay, thank you so much.
-Great. Thank you, nurse.
Hurry, Mommy. I want this
transformed into the robot.
[exhales deeply]
Is Dr. Lee Ik-jun doing rounds today
by any chance?
Oh, I haven't had a chance
to thank him properly.
He did such an excellent job.
[Ik-jun] Hey, Won-jun!
-Oh. Hello, Dr. Lee.
-[Ik-jun] Hello, hello.
Give me that. I'll do it for you.
All right.
Look at you, Mr. Yuk, you don't even
look like a patient without your IV drip.
What a handsome man you are.
[laughs]
I'm flattered.
I'm surprised
you remembered his name, Doctor.
I mean, you must have a lot of patients.
Well, my wife's last name is also Yuk.
Besides her,
you're the only other Yuk I know.
Actually, there's my father-in-law,
brother-in-law, sister-in-law,
and my niece, too.
-Oh, wow, there are so many of 'em.
-[chuckles]
[Ik-jun] You're going home today, right?
Yeah. Tomorrow is Children's Day,
so I'm happy I can be home for that.
Oh, that's right. Yeah.
Since I can't go anywhere far,
we're just going to eat out.
There's this Chinese restaurant
near our place.
And Won-jun loves jajangmyeon.
Oh, my kid loves jajangmyeon too.
All kids do.
You had a simple
laparoscopic cholecystectomy,
so don't worry about
post-surgical complications.
Just don't overexert yourself
but try to walk as much as you can.
Exercise will help you, okay?
All right. Here you go.
-Ta-da!
-Wow, who are you, mister?
[Hui-gwan's wife] Hey, Won-jun.
You silly goose, what do you think?
I'm the one who got rid of the ouchy
from your dad's tummy.
Goodbye. Enjoy your day.
See you at your next appointment.
-[Hui-gwan's wife] Thank you, Doctor.
-[Hui-gwan] Thank you.
Say goodbye properly.
-Thank you, Dr. Lee!
-My pleasure!
Oh, wow. Look at that.
-[female nurse 2] Hello, Doctor.
-Hello.
Oh, hello, Professor.
What? Did Song-hwa scold you again?
-Yes.
-No, she didn't.
I guess it was you then.
Oh, no. It was Chi-hong this time.
But he said no.
He can handle it
because of his military background.
It happened because I couldn't answer
her questions properly.
Even I thought I sounded dumb.
You graduated
from the Korea Military Academy, right?
-Yeah.
-I actually know someone from--
Oh, hello?
Yeah, where are you?
I'll head over there now. All right.
-[phone rings]
-[sighs]
Yes, Professor.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay. I got it.
You know the emergency patient
from the traffic accident?
-Yeah.
-We haven't operated
because of unstable vitals
and severe bleeding.
But it seems Professor Chae
-is going to perform the surgery tonight.
-Oh.
-There will be a meeting later.
-Okay, great.
-Really? "Great"? You think it's great?
-Yeah.
She totally put you on the spot.
I don't think so.
She was just asking questions.
And I really wanted to work
on that case, anyway.
I was hoping to be assigned
in assisting Professor Chae
for the case.
So this is perfect.
-[Seok-min] Hey, Dr. Ahn.
-Yeah?
Why don't you get a cranial CT scan?
Sure, if there's an employee discount.
[tense music]
Okay. Sounds good. We'll do that.
You guys should take a long nap.
I'll see you tonight.
Okay.
Professor Chae was going to do that
with the surgery anyway.
Oh, you know that's not what matters.
What matters to her
is whether we knew it or not.
There are roses.
Are roses in season now?
Dr. Yong, you're very observant.
[scoffs]
My family has a flower shop.
[Seon-bin] Well, everyone knows
what roses look like.
Not really. These days,
many people don't know
the names of plants and flowers.
[light music]
Wait, are they fake flowers?
I can't believe it. That's just wrong.
It's been so long
since I've seen real flowers.
Professor Chae,
are you going camping again this weekend?
[Song-hwa] Yes, why do you ask?
Can we join?
Can you can come, Chi-hong?
You're not working this weekend, right?
Hm-mm. Can we join, Professor?
Sure, you can. But do you guys
really want to come with me?
-[Seok-min] Yeah.
-Mm-hm.
I mean, you keep us on our toes,
but you don't make us uncomfortable.
Oh, wow, Seok-min. My goodness.
[chuckles]
I just can't hate you.
Well, you annoy me from time to time,
but you don't make me uncomfortable.
Okay, let's do it.
There, you guys can see real roses
as well as butterflies.
I'm off.
See you.
[lively music]
Did you order something?
The coffee here is very good.
Do you want some cake?
Can we go somewhere that's quiet?
-What?
-I have to talk to you about something.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[sighs]
[Su-beom's wife] Ho-jun, dear.
You should go and change your clothes.
Get out of that suit. I brought
a T-shirt and a pair of pants for you.
But it's almost visiting hours.
I'll get changed after I see Dad.
Oh, you still have 20 to 30 minutes.
You have time to change.
Hey, I see some chairs over there.
Let's go and sit down.
Mm.
She must be out of her mind.
I can't believe this girl.
Did she really cancel her honeymoon?
Eun-bin! We're here.
[gasps]
Hey, don't be like that.
Everything went well.
[sighs]
[Ho-jun] Jin-hui is such
a good photographer.
[Eun-bin] No, it's my camera.
Downloading them one by one
would be a pain
so I told her to use my phone.
Hm, hold on, your uncle was there too?
[scoffs]
He said he wouldn't be able to make it.
Oh, who's this guy?
Isn't he the doctor
who performed your dad's surgery?
Eun-bin,
Dad's doctor came to your wedding?
Mm-hm.
When was that?
He was the first one to stop by
the bride's room to say hello.
What's with that face you're making, dear?
He didn't even take a picture.
He just ate and left.
Hey. Be grateful that he came.
He asked me about the main course.
I said it's galbitang.
He got excited
and rushed to the dining area.
He obviously came to my wedding
just to have dinner.
[Su-beom's wife] Oh, come on.
Galbitang is nothing.
One of these days I'd love
to take him out for a steak dinner.
[Eun-bin] He'd say no to that anyway.
Doctors can't say yes to things like that.
Wow. I didn't think he'd be like this,
but he's actually very charming.
Excuse me, the ICU is open now.
You can go inside.
Oh, okay. Thank you.
-[Ho-jun] Thank you.
-[sobs]
Hey, don't cry, Eun-bin. He's fine.
Are you going to cry in front of Dad?
Seriously, don't cry.
Why are you crying? His surgery went well.
Come on, you'll make him sad.
Stop crying.
You know, you'll break Dad's heart. Right?
Yes, I know.
I know.
Smile, Eun-bin.
Give me a bigger smile.
Aren't you leaving?
Hey. I have surgeries
and appointments tomorrow
-so I have a lot to do.
-Then just reschedule the surgery.
[scoffs]
I can't reschedule those things.
How many appointments do you have?
Twenty appointments.
I have to go through all their charts.
Why are you still here?
Everyone did a good job with the surgery,
so I want to stop by the office.
-Can you go check on Ik-jun.
-Why?
I think something's up with him
but he won't tell me.
-Really?
-I think it's a family matter,
so I didn't want to pry or anything.
But that doesn't sound like Ik-jun at all.
Well, I'm sure he'll sort it out.
Have a good night.
[Ik-jun] Wait. What did you just say?
I said I want a divorce.
I wouldn't call our relationship
a normal marriage.
Let's just go back to being friends, okay?
[sighs]
We're like this because this
because this is what you wanted.
When you got transferred,
I told you I'd take a leave of absence
and follow you to Germany
but you refused.
You said you wanted me to keep working.
Also, you wanted to raise U-ju
here in Korea.
That's the reason we're living like this.
So were we…
[inhales sharply]
Were we separated?
No, we weren't.
I like that you have a career.
And I can totally look after U-ju
by myself.
I know that we've been living apart
for quite a while,
but we made that decision together.
So why are you saying…
What's going on?
What's the real reason, Hye-jeong?
There's no real reason behind this.
I just felt that it was meaningless
to maintain this kind of marriage.
Because I think it won't go anywhere.
[chuckles]
Are you doubting me?
Oh, no.
Anyway, I'm going to have lunch
with U-ju tomorrow.
It's a special day, you know.
You should work in the hospital.
Don't worry.
I'll stay with him the whole day.
And about what I said…
I hope you take it seriously
and consider it.
[somber music]
[Song-hwa] Hey, Dr. Ahn,
do you want to go grab some coffee?
Sure.
Be honest, how many questions
did I ask you today?
I'm not sure, Professor.
There were many. So many.
I'm really sorry.
No, it's okay.
Chi-hong, do you know how many surgeries
I perform every week?
Jeez, I'm asking you a question again.
I have an asking problem, don't I?
I'm sorry about that.
I think you perform
more than five a week on average.
That means, in a year…
I probably perform about 250,
roughly speaking.
Right.
I want you to be on your toes.
When you performing surgery
or treat patients,
you and Seok-min
should stay alert and focus.
That's why I do it.
So you'll be ready for anything.
Right.
Listen, this job is difficult.
But you get used to it quickly.
[exhales deeply]
The thing is,
even though we get used to it,
we should never get
too comfortable doing this.
Keep that in mind.
I will.
Hey, don't get me wrong.
It's not because I don't like you.
And you'd better not give up
halfway, got it?
Got it.
Just trust me
and follow my lead, you'll be fine.
-Do you understand, Captain Ahn?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Hey.
-Professor, Chan-hyeong is doing great.
I checked everything just now.
Oh, really? I don't need to check?
What about ABGA and PaO2?
They're fine. Everything looks good,
so just go home already. Go on.
All right, then.
Dr. Do walked you through
the surgery procedure, right?
Chan-hyeong's condition has improved,
so we'll perform surgery the…
[Chan-hyeong's mom crying]
Oh--
Doctor, please take care of him.
Please take care of Chan-hyeong.
Oh my, you've been staying
so strong until now.
Please save Chan-hyeong, Dr. Kim.
I wish it was me instead of him.
He doesn't deserve this.
[Chan-hyeong's mom sobbing]
Uh… Please, don't cry.
You've been holding up so well, you know?
I've barely been keeping it together.
Both my own mom and my mother-in-law
think that we're still kids
and we won't understand.
Everyone around us says
that we're immature.
So I've been acting all tough on purpose.
I wanted to cry, but I was afraid
that they'd say we're too young
to deal with all this.
They would tell me to go home if I cry.
What if they wouldn't even let me
see Chan-hyeong?
That's why I've been forcing myself
to act all tough.
But I can't.
I can't do it anymore, Doctor.
Dr. Kim, you can save him, right?
Chan-hyeong is going to be okay, right?
We've performed this surgery many times.
We'll make sure he'll be okay.
Then, the surgery will go well,
right, Doctor?
Yes, we'll do our best for Chan-hyeong's.
Thank you so much.
Oh, by the way,
why did you go home in the morning?
Oh. Well, you see, Hui-dong's Mom
-is actually a shaman.
-Oh.
She said putting a crock lid upside down
and filling it with water
can help Chan-hyeong recover quickly.
[soft chuckle]
I'm sorry. I heard that doctors don't like
superstitions but I had to try.
Oh, no, don't be sorry. It's okay.
If doing that will help you worry less,
then by all means, you should do it.
It's really fine.
Then…
I'm really sorry.
Don't be.
Attention, ladies and gentlemen.
The great Chan-hyeong has arrived.
His CRP levels have gone up a bit.
Uh, yes, but his CBC level
and chest X-ray from this morning
look good.
All right.
Wakanda.
You don't know what it is? Black Panther.
Uh, oh…
Don't say "Forever." Just like that.
KIM CHAN-HYEONG
Turn the pump on, please.
[male nurse] Turning the pump on.
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
SURGERY DURATION
[sobbing]
[clock ticking]
Is the color of the drainage okay?
What about the AC?
Oh, okay. Call me when you have
the per-hour urine output.
Hm?
Oh, Professor,
why didn't you answer my call?
-Because I was on the phone.
-Oh, my goodness.
They said they couldn't get a hold of you.
That's why I came here instead.
It's about…
Mr. Yuk Hui-gwan.
What about Mr. Yuk?
He was discharged yesterday.
Yes, but you see, they were going through
the hospital records today
and found out that Mr. Yuk is
the brain-dead organ donor.
He's the TA victim.
His GCS score was five, which indicates
a high chance of brain death.
His family has consented
to organ donation,
so they've already done an EEG.
The committee will meet soon
to confirm the diagnosis.
Initially, I was just notified
that it was a TA victim.
Oh, they wanted us to let you know
right away
because he's your patient.
[exhales deeply]
The organ is going to another patient
at our hospital,
so we'll have to take care
of the procurement.
Oh, I feel bad. I'm sorry, Professor.
His tricuspid valve is tiny,
so it's hard to see.
Not that way.
Pull it toward the patient's head.
Yes.
Pull harder,
or we'll have to make a bigger incision.
[Jae-hak] Okay, I'm sorry.
Look, you see that monitor, right?
The line is flat now,
which means the heart rate is zero.
That means Chan-hyeong is dead.
No, Hong-do.
He's not dead. It just means
that his current heart rate is zero.
You see his heart isn't beating
at the moment because they stopped it.
They can't operate on him
while the heart is beating.
That's why the cardioplegia solution
is administered
every 30 minutes to induce cardiac stasis
when performing any heart surgery.
During cardiac stasis,
that machine over there
acts as the patient's
heart and lungs to keep them alive.
While the doctors operate
on the still heart,
the machine supplies oxygen
and reach blood throughout the body.
Okay. Let's go over it again.
First, they stop Chan-hyeong's heart
from beating
which is replaced by the machine.
While the machine's working,
the doctors quickly fix the heart.
Once everything's fixed,
they get rid of the tubes that hook him up
to the machine and restart the heart.
You're telling me all this
so that you can remember the steps.
You're doing it to memorize the procedure.
Yeah. That's right.
-You understand, right?
-Yes, totally.
[Ik-jun] Gwang-hyeon.
The brain-dead TA patient, Yuk Hui-gwan.
Where is he?
Oh, they've finished
doing all the tests on him in the ICU.
The committee will meet soon
to finalize everything.
He's a TA victim, but I heard
the organs are in good condition.
They're probably negotiating
the time frame
with the other hospital right now.
Why? Do you know that patient?
He was my patient.
He was fine
when he was discharged yesterday.
Oh, really? I'm sorry to hear that.
It must've been a very difficult decision.
You should say a proper goodbye.
All right.
-Have you seen his family?
-[phone rings]
No, I don't know that much.
Okay.
Yes, hello.
Should I head home now?
[U-ju's nanny] No, there's no need.
The emergency medicine worked like magic.
U-ju's already looking so much better.
-He's asleep now.
-Thank goodness.
[U-ju's nanny] If you come home now,
you're just going to wake him up.
And that won't be good at all.
I just called to let you know
that he's okay and sound asleep,
so you don't have to worry anymore.
But I have to say,
how could U-ju's mom
not even know
about her son's peanut allergy?
My goodness.
Do you know which restaurant it was?
Because I want to give them a call.
I need to find out exactly
what U-ju ate for lunch.
Okay, just hold on.
Go on.
-Okay, got it. Thank you so much.
-[Won-jun] Mommy.
Why isn't Daddy here yet? Where is he?
Mommy, where's Daddy? He's taking so long.
Mommy, come on.
Oh, it's you!
Hey, mister, can you buy me jajangmyeon?
Sure, buddy.
I'll buy you jajangmyeon later.
[both chuckle]
[dramatic music]
[crying]
[crying continues]
ANESTHESIA DURATION
Stop the ventilation now.
[male nurse] Stopping the ventilation.
Anesthesiologist.
Position the patient head down
and hook up the Ambu bag.
Is it all over now?
They did everything they could in surgery.
The question is
would Chan-hyeong's heartbeat
even without the machine's help?
Because if it does,
then it's a success.
His heart isn't beating though.
Just wait.
Now, let's move on to the aorta.
[breathes heavily]
Hey, don't look at his heart.
You should be looking
at the green number on top instead.
His heart rate is zero at the moment.
So the number needs to go up.
[gasps]
It's going up.
Whoa.
[monitor beeping]
[calm music]
-Good job, everyone.
-Thank you.
I'll finish up.
Obviously.
Can these guys get the surgical gowns?
You can hear his heartbeat, right?
[both] Yes.
You should know better
as med school students.
You're probably hearing
your own heartbeat.
[both] Oh.
I'll let you touch it once, okay?
Be very careful.
And while touching it,
thank Chan-hyeong for staying alive.
Okay.
[tranquil music]
[gasps]
What's the matter?
It's very strong.
The heartbeat feels really strong,
Professor.
[tranquil music continues]
YEAR 2003
Doesn't that heartbeat feel so strong?
Quite amazing, isn't it?
It's just the size of a plum.
I never thought something
so small would feel this strong.
This kid's heart stopped beating.
And you made it beat again, Professor.
Professor.
I'll choose Cardiothoracic Surgery.
Professor,
Me too.
I'll apply to Cardiothoracic Surgery.
[sighs]
All right, that's a very good choice.
Good work, guys.
Well done, everyone.
Make those two sign a pledge
before they change their mind.
[women on PA] Attention,
Kim Chan-hyeong's guardian.
Please come to the operating unit.
[female nurse 3] Are you
Kim Chan-hyeong's guardians?
-Yes. Thank you.
-[female nurse 3] Please come in.
Come on.
Dr. Kim, please tell us,
did Chan-hyeong's surgery go well?
[exhales deeply]
Oh, I'm happy to inform you that
Chan-hyeong's surgery really went well.
We were able to patch up
the ventricular hole.
The pulmonary trunk
took longer than expected
because we wanted to save the valve.
But fortunately, that went well too.
so it's nicely closed now.
Chan-hyeong's surgery went well,
so please don't worry.
We're going to move him to the ICU
in about half an hour.
I'll see you then.
His surgery went well,
so please don't worry.
-Oh, thank goodness.
-Thank you!
-Thank you so much, Dr. Kim.
-Thank you.
[line ringing]
[staff] Yes, hello?
Hello, good evening.
Well, my son had lunch
at your restaurant earlier today
and had an allergic reaction
to something he ate.
He's allergic to peanuts.
He probably ate some.
[staff] Oh no, I'm so sorry. Is he okay?
Yes. Yes, he's all right now.
But I'd like to find out
exactly what he ate.
He's five years old.
I think he ate there
with his mom earlier today.
[staff] I remember him.
Yeah, I was the one who took their order.
One moment, please.
Oh, here.
Sir, it says in the order receipt
that you ordered a salad to go for dinner.
It probably
had peanut dressing on it, sir.
Did I get…
Right, I did.
[staff] Yes, you ordered one salad to go.
I remember you because you and your wife
looked so good together.
Your kid was so cute too.
Also, I'm pretty sure I asked you
to let me know
if you have any food allergies.
I apologize. I guess
I didn't communicate that properly.
[phone ringing]
-Hello?
-[Deok-ju] Professor.
This is Ham Deok-ju,
the transplant coordinator.
The chairman is coming from the airport
due to a conference,
so the committee meeting
will be held after 10 p.m.
Okay. I got it.
[Deok-ju] We want to arrange
a time for you
to see him as soon as the meeting is over.
We've already let the other hospital know.
I'll call you again
when we're ready, okay?
Okay.
What's with him?
It's taking longer than we expected,
nevertheless, it will be over soon.
You should wait in the waiting area.
Let's go.
FAMILY WAITING ROOM
Thank you so much.
So what's going to happen next?
What's the next procedure?
Well, if you'd like,
before the surgery begins
we can arrange a time for you
to see him privately.
Once he's in the Operating Room,
the doctors are going to thoroughly check
the condition of his organs
as well as conduct biopsies.
If everything looks good to them,
then they'll start preparing him
right away for organ donation.
This process is usually carried out
by fellows,
but Professor Lee Ik-jun will oversee
the entire process from start to finish.
He's even concerned about
Mr. Yuk's surgical wound.
[phone rings]
Hello?
Okay, I got it.
The committee meeting just ended.
Excuse me. I need to prepare.
Where are you?
You said you'd be here right away.
[Ik-jun] I'm almost there.
Okay.
Is he having a bad day?
Are you three from Kangwoon University?
Yes.
I had to speak with his family,
so we're running behind.
I'm sorry about that.
Do we have enough time?
Last time I checked,
the donor's vitals were good.
Yeah. We got here early, anyway.
It's not that urgent, so it's all right.
Let's get started.
[Deok-ju] Okay.
Is the patient stable?
Yes, everything looks good.
Professor Lee, everything's ready now.
-Kangwoon University Medical Center?
-Yes, Professor.
[sighs]
Hey, so, can I ask you guys a favor?
Sure.
Could we maybe postpone
the heart removal by ten minutes?
Call the hospital
and find out if it's okay to postpone it.
But if this is urgent,
then we can get started.
I think ten minutes would be all right.
We got here early, anyway.
Okay. It's 11:50 p.m. right now,
so we'll start
-the procedure in ten minutes.
-[doctor 1] Okay.
At midnight, we'll start
with a silent prayer.
-All right.
-[doctor 2] Wait, Professor.
Hang on. Can't we just do it right now?
We've pulled two all-nighters in a row.
Today is Children's Day.
What?
It's because today is Children's Day.
Mr. Yuk Hui-gwan has a five-year-old son.
His name is Won-jun.
And today, he was supposed to…
have jajangmyeon with his dad.
[sighs]
But Won-jun… Hm…
will never get to do that again.
[somber music]
Let's wait.
For ten minutes.
We'll begin in ten minutes, hm?
We can't have his son cry on every,
every Children's Day
thinking about his late father.
[exhales deeply]
Okay, we understand.
We'll wait, Professor.
-Thank you, guys.
-[doctor 1] No problem.
[mellow music]
[Deok-ju] Your late husband decided
to donate his organs to help other people.
Thankfully,
his organs are in good condition,
his heart, lungs, kidneys, and liver
will be donated to those in need.
The team of doctors performed
the surgery at 12:05 a.m. on May 6,
which means that this time,
he has already expired.
We'd like to thank you.
[sobbing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
I have to work the night shift anyway,
so I came here.
I know, Mom.
You okay? Feel anything?
And what about Dad?
Hm, all right.
I'll buy her food, coffee, and everything.
Don't worry.
It's not like she's here to see me.
That girl.
-Yeah, okay. Bye.
-[siren blaring in distance]
[Jae-sin] It's raining a lot.
[Seok-min] We can't go camping
in this weather.
[Song-hwa] I won't force you guys.
You don't have to come with me.
Do whatever you want.
[Seok-min] You'll go camping
in this weather?
[Song-hwa] I love camping on a rainy day.
Anyway, I'm fine with going alone,
so do whatever you want.
NEUROSURGERY TEAM CHAT ROOM
[Seon-bin] But you'll be bored
if you go alone.
[upbeat music playing]
♪ I'll go somewhere really far ♪
♪ I'll travel until the sun goes down ♪
♪ I'll start afresh ♪
♪ For myself ♪
[pants]
Professor Kim, that was fast.
Is Dr. Do in an emergency surgery?
Yeah. It looked like
a tension pneumothorax,
so I called you right away, Professor.
It's good you called me.
But why was a soldier
transferred to a regular hospital?
She had an accident
across the street and has a broken rib.
No other external injuries.
-Where's the patient?
-Over here.
[breathing heavily]
[Ik-sun groans]
[Ik-sun breathing heavily]
LEE IK-SUN
YEONINSAN CAMPSITE
[phone rings]
I already said it's fine.
You don't have to come here.
What? Where are you?
You're here? B-104.
[Chi-hong] Where is B-104?
Chi-hong!
Hey, over here.
[Chi-hong pants]
What's up? What are you doing here?
[chuckles]
What do you mean? I promised to join you.
I never said I couldn't come.
Anyway, come sit down.
-Have some coffee.
-[Chi-hong] Yeah.
[Chi-hong exhales deeply]
Oh, you're wearing those again.
What?
The pair of shoes I gave you.
Hm?
I, uh, I got you those shoes, Professor.
[light music]
[lively music]
[Gwang-hyeon] Their dating history,
families,
and what they're really like.
I can tell you everything you wanna know.
-Jun-wan is…
-Hey!
Where did the money go? You prick.
[Gwang-hyeon] Seok-hyeong. Don't you know?
He said he was going to see his mom.
[Seok-hyeong] Mom, I got paid today.
What do I do with this?
[Gwang-hyeon] Lee Ik-jun, that prick…
[Ik-jun] I'm busy trying to make
ends meet.
I look after my son and my patients.
[Gwang-hyeon] Song-hwa is a perfect nerd.
If I have to quit,
I'll work as a chauffeur.
[Gwang-hyeon] She is just so pure-hearted.
So who are you curious about
I'll tell you everything you wanna know.
Dr. Ahn Jeong-won.
Hey, what were you thinking?
Don't bring it up in front of Seok-hyeong.
He's going to lose it again.
[Jeong-won] Okay, I heard you.
-[Su-bin] He's very cranky.
-[Ik-jun] What? He's not like that.
[female nurse 4] I'm really worried.
[Song-hwa] Anyone would be like that
after going through all of that at.
[cries]
[female nurse 5] He is mentally unstable.
[Seok-hyeong] Why didn't you do anything?
[breathing heavily]